*****RANGOR OUTLINE******

Main characters, Polly the mouse, jake the rat, and spin the shrew.

The character's journies start similarly but then will diverge based on their 
own unque talents. Polly manages a supplies store, jake is a carver, and spin
is a racer. They are each approached by a messenger of Rangor, the rat king, and
their assistance is requested to solve a kindom-wide delema. Each character can
be played with three story lines; brave, cautious, or affraid.

Polly the mouse is asked to follow the messenger mouse back to Rangor's 
stronghold to start her journey. The brave storyline will bring her directly 
to the stronghold where she will rest and then recieve her mission assignment. 
The timid story  line will have her arrive later and find out she will have to 
catch up with another mouse who has already started the mission. The afraid 
timeline results in her not taking place in the mission, but once the revolution
begins she is given one last chance to join in.

Jake the rat is a carver. With most resources abandoned by humans too large for 
the creatures of Rangor's kingdom, the role of carver is key to the econonmy. 
The brave path will have Jake head straight to the stronghold and recieve an 
order for a very specific piece of equipment. The timid story line will have him 
arrive late and have to go meet another mouse already on the quest to find
out what he needs to make. The afraid story line will have him remain in his
current job crafting drainage pipe joints until the revolution begins and he
is given one last chance to join in.

Spin the shrew is one of the fastest yet least conspicuous creatures in Rangor's
kingdom. She is recruited to scout out a very important piece of information
for the rat king. The brave story line will have her head off into a dangerous
rat hide-out to learn about plans to overthrow Rangor's rule. The timid story
line will have here arive at the stronghold and find out she will need to find 
a mouse already on the quest to see what she needs help with. The afraid story
line will have Spin attempt to leave the city and get one last chance to join
in as the revolution kicks into full gear.

The RANGOR game will start at the introduction of the characters and all three
storylines for each character will go through one specific mission as Rangor
attempts to learn about the plans a rat faction has to overtrhow his kingdom.
He has been notoriously open-minded towards including other creatures in the 
prosperity of their economy, but as times grow harder with the approaching
winter, some rats blame Rangor and his tolorance for their problems. Each
character will use their unique skills to aid Rangor in solving different
parts of the puzzle. The goal will be for game play to last 2-5 minutes for each
story line, and take the player from introduction to the start of the 
revolution. The afraid story lines may be shorter if the character chooses 
not to engage at all, but none of the story lines avoid the revolution. All will
conclude in a way that hints at a follow up episode of how Rangor's kingdom
fairs durng the ensuing revolt, as none of the paths are able to prevent the
upheval.